cousin on madame tussauds look how real
the wax figures are guys look at this
[__] [__] the whole thing just sell
it the whole thing okay you could do it
[__] yeah they shouldn't do it yeah no
[__] Susie what am I supposed to do he's
[__] 300 pounds we'll kick my ass oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god when David hears the same stroke
so slow [__] and we're like at a party
and this girl was like I think I'm gonna
go home and he grabs her head like this
and he goes you have a very iconic vine
and we're gonna recreate it right now
how long has it been since you did this
behind
I was made when I was 18
[Music]
please welcome David
dobrik i just got done dude fallon and
we were at a bar and there's a candle
and i was leaning up against it in it
look at this I [__] lit on fire in the
bar I turn to Jason I go Jason I'm off
fire and he goes yeah you know the
following day I decided I wanted to go
out and have a little fun so I called my
friends at cGCC he's an amazing app
helps buy tickets and literally the
easiest way to possibly see them help me
surprise my friend with brand new cars
today see you can help me surprise the
very deserving people so please if you
ever need event a castle iliena click
the link right ascription use the promo
code david and you'll get $20 off your
first purchase the first thing I did was
take my friend Howie to tip his favorite
waitresses and all they had to do was
pick the right case case number 9 this
is your tip deal or no deal
[Music]
you chose case number 9 and you're
walking away with
next we stopped by cows to pass the
student the first kit to make a
basketball shot would win $10,000 20
minutes we have within three to one
[Music]
and finally it was Marines birthday so
we had to stop by and give her the
chance to win $25,000
[Music]
spend all that money on cocaine yeah